 	Our dataset was the CIA Factbook, which includes global data on health, economy, energy, and other features. The data was, at its core, geographic in the sense that each country had its own values for each of the data categories. Thus, we knew from the beginning that our visualization would have some kind of map component to it. From there, we had to wrestle with the sheer number of features that the data contained. It quickly became overwhelming to try and incorporate all of the data attributes into the visualization in a way that made sense and was easy to follow. Therefore, we made a decision to only focus on a subset of the attributes that we felt showed interesting insights into the data and allowed viewers to perform exploratory analysis without needing too much outside context.
 	We then focused on the actual method of interaction that we wanted to utilize for our visualization. We knew that one of the main ways that users would use the data would be to compare different countries. The comparison was more noteworthy than the actual raw numbers for population, GDP, etc. and this is also the way the underlying data was structured: each attribute had a list of countries ranked and sorted by their corresponding values. Then we allowed the user to filter on different attributes: Youth Unemployment, GDP Growth Rate, Health Expenditure, and Education Expenditure. These filters were in the form of range sliders on the right hand side of our visualization. The user would drag the handles to adjust the ranges of the attribute, and any countries outside that range would fade into the background. This allowed for granular controls of the data, and the user to freely explore the relationships between the data. Another feature that we added was a table that allowed users to compare values for two countries. This allowed the user to look at all of the country’s data with a click, and as they hovered over it would also show that data. This allowed for quick comparison between countries.
	There were several issues we faced in the design and development of our visualization. The first of this issues was with the design of our click and hover table. We considered whether or not filtered countries should be able to be hovered and clicked on.  Having the filtered countries clickable allows users to immediately explore the granular data of a country after it disappears to learn more about it. Ultimately though, we felt that the emphasis should be on the countries that meet the criteria of the filters rather than those that do not, so we decided to not have the filtered countries be clickable or hover-able so that their input would not overwhelm the user.
	Another issue was with inconsistencies between our datasets. We drew information from three different datasets: the integrated dataset that came with our map SVG, the CIA Factbook dataset, and a dataset for converting form 3 letter country codes into full country names. Each of these datasets had different ways to represent the name of certain countries and some lacked countries that others contained, either due to their small size or contentious statehood. To resolve the issue with varying name representations we created a script that standardized the name representation of three datasets to the names present in the map SVG. The missing countries was a much harder problem to overcome, and a lack of data made it impossible to fully resolve the issue, but we did put all of these countries under their own special label in our datasets so they could be filtered out and not distract users by being the only countries present when no other countries met the criteria being filtered for.
	The work of the project was split more or less evenly among team members. We probably spent a combined 70 people hours on this project, among 5 team members. One of the aspects that took the most time was getting up and running in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, mainly going through a map tutorial that was tricky and figuring out how to lay out the webpage. Overall, it was pretty smooth and our group worked really well together. We collaborated on some of the pieces, like the design and the attributes to choose, and then broke off and wrote some stuff individually, like reading in a CSV file and the range slider implementation. We were all really happy with how the project came out, and learned lots on how to build out a webpage, as well as d3 and programming in JavaScript in general. 